OSDOCS-9419: Adding zones to Overview (#70974)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-configuring-multicluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// network_observability/observing-network-traffic.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-multicluster_{context}"]
= Configuring availability zones

> You can configure the `FlowCollector` to collect information about the cluster availability zone. This allows you to group by zones  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the `FlowCollector` to collect information about the cluster availability zone. This allows you to enrich flows with Nodes "topology.kubernetes.io/zone" label value.
```

Can we also point the Kubernetes doc for this label here ?
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#topologykubernetesiozone
Or maybe there is an Openshift equivalent ?

Author: I'm not sure if this is equivalent or not but I see [machine.openshift.io/zone-group](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/post_installation_configuration/aws-compute-edge-tasks.html#edge-machine-pools-aws-local-zones_aws-compute-edge-tasks) mentioned in the doc but not in any kind of reference like the Kubernetes link you provided. I think yeah I can link to this Kubernetes reference.

.Procedure
. In the web console, navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.
. Under the *Provided APIs* heading for the *NetObserv Operator*, select *Flow Collector*.
. Select *cluster* then select the *YAML* tab.
. Configure the `FlowCollector` custom resource so that the `spec.processor.addZone` parameter is set to `true`. A sample configuration is as follows:
+
.Configure `FlowCollector` for availability zones collection
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
# ...
 processor:
  addZone: true    # <1>
# ...
----
<1> 

.Verification
When you refresh the *Network Traffic* page, the *Overview*, *Traffic Flow*, and *Topology* views display new information about availability zones:
. In the *Overview* tab, you can see *Zones* as an available *Scope*.

> . In *Network Traffic* -> *Traffic flows*, *Zones* are viewable under the SrcK8S_Zone and DstK8S_Zone field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Network Traffic* -> *Traffic flows*, *Zones* are viewable under the SrcK8S_Zone and DstK8S_Zone fields. 
```

> . In the *Topology* view, you can group by zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Topology* view, you can set *Zones* as *Scope* or *Group*.
```
